Sankey docs (#2090)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/sankey/elements/tooltip.md

---
title: Tooltip
page_title: Sankey Tooltip
description: Tooltip of the Sankey Diagram for Blazor.
slug: sankey-tooltip
tags: telerik,blazor,sankey,diagram,chart,tooltip
published: True
position: 9
---
@[template](/_contentTemplates/common/parameters-table-styles.md#table-layout)

> # Sankey Tooltip

Reviewer: Perhaps the content will be more easier to understand if the documentation mentions "link tooltip" and "node tooltip" more often, including in the headings - for example, Node Tooltip instead of NodeTemplate.

The parent configuration tag is one, but the tooltips are two and are not directly related.

> # Sankey Tooltip

Reviewer 2: If we're having multiple tooltips, I would go with plural here.

> The Sankey Diagram for Blazor displays Tooltips when the user hovers the links and nodes. You can customize the rendering of these Tooltips through dedicated templates:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Sankey Diagram for Blazor displays tooltips when the user hovers over the links and nodes. You can customize the rendering of these tooltips through their dedicated templates:
```

* [`LinkTemplate`](#link-tooltip-template)
* [`NodeTemplate`](#node-tooltip-template)

To use the templates, declare a `<SankeyTooltip>` tag as a direct child of `<TelerikSankey>`. Add the desired template inside the `<SankeyTooltip>` tag. 

> >tip The Sankey chart also exposes the [`SquareSymbol`](/blazor-ui/api/Telerik.Blazor.Components.Sankey.Tooltip.SquareSymbol) from the default Tooltip as a standalone component in case you want to include that in the template.

Reviewer 2: Consider going with `if` instead of `in case`.

## Link Template

> The `LinkTemplate` controls the content of the Tooltip that will appear when the user hovers a link. The `NodeTemplate` exposes a `context` of type 

Reviewer: Perhaps the content will be more easier to understand if the documentation uses plural for the tooltip word more often. The parent configuration tag is one, but the tooltips are two and are not directly related.

> The `LinkTemplate` controls the content of the Tooltip that will appear when the user hovers a link. The `NodeTemplate` exposes a `context` of type 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `LinkTemplate` controls the content of the tooltip that appears when the user hovers over a link. The `NodeTemplate` exposes a `context` of type 
```

[`SankeyLinkTooltipTemplateContext`](/blazor-ui/api/Telerik.Blazor.Components.SankeyLinkTooltipTemplateContext) which provides the following properties:

| Property | Type | Description |
| ---------| ---- | ----------- |

> | `Source` | `SankeyDataNode` | The source of the hovered link. Provides details for the source node such as its label, opacity, color, width, offset, alignment and more.   |

Reviewer 2: * Apply the serial comma throughout the table.
* `the target for the`

| `Target` | `SankeyDataNode` | The target of the hovered link. Provides details for the target node such as its label, opacity, color, width, offset, alignment and more.   | 
| `Value` | `double?` | The hovered link value.  | 

## Node Tooltip Template

> The `NodeTemplate` controls the content of the Tooltip that will appear when the user hovers a node. The `NodeTemplate` exposes a `context` of type [`SankeyNodeTooltipTemplateContext`](/blazor-ui/api/Telerik.Blazor.Components.SankeyNodeTooltipTemplateContext) which provides the following properties:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `NodeTemplate` controls the content of the tooltip that appears when the user hovers over a node. The `NodeTemplate` exposes a `context` of type [`SankeyNodeTooltipTemplateContext`](/blazor-ui/api/Telerik.Blazor.Components.SankeyNodeTooltipTemplateContext) which provides the following properties:
```

| Property | Type | Description |
| ---------| ---- | ----------- |

> | `DataItem` | `SankeyDataNode` | The node that the user hovered. The `SankeyDataNode` provides details for the hovered node such as its label, opacity, color, width, offset and alignment.   | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `DataItem` | `SankeyDataNode` | The hovered node. The `SankeyDataNode` provides details for the hovered node such as its label, opacity, color, width, offset, and alignment.   | 
```
